# README.md — Data (`/images` Folder)

## Contents
1. **`smallerpaintings.csv`**

Description: A subset of the [ Prado Museum Pictures Dataset on Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/maparla/prado-museum-pictures),    containing 50 rows of painting data. It includes multiple columns containing metadata about paintings, such as their titles,       descriptions, and image URLs. It provides structured data to be assigned to `Artwork` class instances defined in `artwork.h`.

2. **`clean_smallerpaintings.csv`**

Description: A cleaned version of smallerpaintings.csv generated by the `csv_fixer.py`. Formats the broken data from `prado.csv` into simple newlines and converts '"' characters to '|' and ',' to '~' to not cause bugs with our C++ parsing program.

3. **`prado.csv`**

Description: The entire Prado Museum dataset from Kaggle. Includes many redundant columns, but we used it for the demo [ Prado Museum Pictures Dataset on Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/maparla/prado-museum-pictures).

4. **`clean_prado.csv`**

Description: A cleaned version of prado.csv generated by the `csv_fixer.py`. Formats the broken data from `prado.csv` into simple newlines and converts '"' characters to '|' and ',' to '~' to not cause bugs with our C++ parsing program.

5. **`csv_fixer.py`**

Description: A Python script to trim and structure any given `{...}.csv` file and output it as `clean_{...}.csv`. 

## **NOTE:** 
These CSV files are used for testing purposes *only*. Database integration and dynamic url queries will be implemented in the final product version to allow users full access to the Prado's painting collection.

## Limitations
`csv_fixer.py` is designed exclusively to clean and preprocess csv files. It is not intended for user application on other datasets.
